Do you ever feel that time is flying by?
Or that it sometimes slows to a crawl?
When we are anxious or dealing with illness,
time can seem to pass slowly.
But when we are absorbed in new and exciting experiences,
a day may not feel long enough.
To a child, growing up may seem to take forever.
But to an adult, it can feel like time slips away all too fast.
To us, some features of creation appear motionless.
But over time, they change.
Astronomers believe that the first stars formed billions of years ago.
It is difficult for us to conceive of such an enormous length of time.
But Jehovah, who created the stars, is from everlasting to everlasting.
He is not restrained or pressured by time.
But neither is he slow to act.
He always acts at exactly the right time.
Appreciating Jehovah's view of time helps us to be patient
while we await his new world.